Pages:

(1.) Homepage
(2.) Dashboard Page: User's Village Page Editing and other interaction with other pages
(3.) Personal Village Page/Space
(4.) Global Village Page/Space
(5.) Help Page Forumn

Global Village Space (No's 4) will have links to all Personal Vilage Pages.
Homepage tells about this part of cyberspace (website) allowing people to being able to
(I) Communicate, (II) Form Communitues, (III) Develop a new way of thinking (building approproate features and using them while allowing
for others to build features as well which integrates together under the Global village Page.)
and also be able to bring the users to take advantage of Social Media to be linked together towards an aim that the Collaborated Personal 
Vilage Space Users have in mind.


Dashboard Page is the Editing Page that requires Sign Up or Login to be able to build Personal Village Space.

Each personal Village Space will have it's own set of features built by the user:
For Example:
	A User Decides to build the following set of Features;
		(*) One's Own Portfolio
		(*) Personal Discussion Forumn
		(*) A Social Media Page to allow other users visiting this page to Chat with others on the Page
		(*) Features x,y,z bulit by the user using Dashboard for the Purpose a,b,c


Global village will be an integration of all the Personal Villages:
	It will include Integration of all the User features:
		(*) List of Portfolio's Grouped and named as a Village, visiting which will result in looking at the Portfolio
				linked by maps or some other interactive feature.
		(*) List of Discussion Forumns with Statistics of Active Users and whhat kind of Discussion is taking Place
				linked by maps or some other interactive feature.
		(*) List of Social Media Pages linked by maps or some other interactive feature ...
		(*) Global Village linking all the Village Pages together like a game map where each user have been allocated a location or
			set of coordinates and time according to their own time in Real World(UTC+-Time).
		(*) Features x,y,z Global linked together as a list of maps 


Help Page Forumn will have General Help Discussions and other Help Discussions by different users to suggest changes as the Contact the developers
page will be included in this and/or Help Queries Solving one another's Problems.


What the developers of this Page have in mind and what will the Page look like:

	It will be based on LambdaMOO VR Space but 3D Graphical and Realistic Utility Space involving User Interactions where anyone
can build their own Social Media Feature like Individual facebooks(or Reddit like forumns with individual tastes) which come together 
to form Global Social Media Space or Global Facebook(global Village Space).It will be open Source and anyone on github can take 
the code to build towards this end.


Minimum Requirements 0.1:
(*) Initially there will be just One feature and that of Portfolio feature of one single User.
(*) Dashboard will be the editing Page for the Portfolio feature.
(*) Personal Village Page will Display the Portfolio Page.
(*) homepage will be the About Section
(*) Global Village Space/ Page and Help Page will tell what is to be expected in the future Versions of the Page.


Minimum Req. Version 0.2:
(*) It will involve Multiple People's Portfolio
(*) Dashboard will have Sign Up or Login Feature along with editing of Portfolio and Storing it in Database of every User.
(*) Global Village Space will be used to display Portfolio's Initially by Ascending Order of Names. (which in later
	versions can use Map like allocated coordinates of users to find a specific portfolio by 3D Radar like animation)
(*) Homepage Will be the About Section
(*) Personal village Page will be one Users Particular Portfolio fetched by the Key allocated in table of database.

Minimum Req. Version 0.3:
(*) It will involve Two Features => (i) Portfolio, (ii) Blog Page


Further Versions will allow users to be able to build features themselves.

To be done:
(i) Deciding what the individual Pages look like and what basic features will they have initially.
(ii) Layout, tables of Relational Database these Minimum Requirement Versions 0.1 to 0.3 will have.
(iii) All the Minimum Versions expected to make it more and more alike to the expectations of what the site will look like in the end.
(iv) Visual Representation of what the site will look at one initial Stage or Version of the Project and 
	what it will look like at the end of the Project.
(V) What Technologies will be required and how it will be required to build a solution of this Project
(Vi) Time Estimation for Each Minimum Requirement Version to be built.
(vii) (Space for something that comes along while working on the project)  

